most people can squat down but the
second your heels touch the ground oh
it's up to genetic well that's not true
it's a completely learnable skill unless
you're disabled there are two main
factors here and number one is ankles if
your knee cannot cross your toes when
you're in a squat then you need more
ankle Mobility but knes of toes is bad
that myth is from a study done in the
70s back when they thought jazzer size
is better than lifting weights and they
thought it was okay to do prison
experiments anyway find an elevated
surface and stimulate the squat but with
one leg push your knee over your toe as
far as you can and hold for 30 seconds
then rest then hold it for 30 more
seconds and do that on both sides number
two your hips if you can get your knees
to cross your toes like this but you
can't get your stomach to touch your
thighs and when you squat down it makes
you fall backwards oh your hips need
more range so what you're going to do is
grab your knee pull it as close to your
armpit as possible hold that for 30
seconds on both sides then you can
finally put it all together by